DOC-3150: TinyMCE 7.7.1 Release Documentation and Community Changelog. (#3637)
tinymce/tinymce-docs: modules/ROOT/pages/7.7.1-release-notes.adoc

[[bug-fixes]]
== Bug fixes

{productname} {release-version} also includes the following bug fixes:

=== Skin UI content CSS was truncated when bundling, causing CSS styles to be missing.
// #TINY-11875

> In {productname} {release-version}, an issue was identified where skin content CSS was truncated during the build process when bundling CSS files into JavaScript resources. This caused invalid styles, leading to partial or complete loss of CSS in the editor UI for self-hosted setups, which resulted in broken styling and reduced usability.

Author: ```suggestion
Previously in {productname}, an issue was identified where skin content CSS was truncated during the build process when bundling CSS files into JavaScript resources. This caused invalid styles, leading to partial or complete loss of CSS in the editor UI for self-hosted setups, which resulted in broken styling and reduced usability.
```

This issue has been resolved in {productname} {release-version}. The bundling process now correctly incorporates CSS styles into the generated JavaScript resources, preventing truncation and ensuring consistent styling across the editor UI.

=== Context forms used to disappear if their input was disabled in the `onSetup` API.
// #TINY-11890

Previously, an issue was identified where disabling a context form's input in the `onSetup` function caused the form to disappear due to focus being set on a non-focusable element.

In {productname} {release-version}, this issue has been resolved by ensuring that the fallback focus is directed to a focusable element. As a result, even when the input is disabled, the focus remains intact, preventing the context form from disappearing.

For more information on the `onSetup` function and context forms, see xref:contextform.adoc[Context Forms]

[[security-fixes]]
== Security fixes

> {productname} {release-version} includes one fix for the following security issue:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{productname} {release-version} includes two fixes for the following security issue:
```
